[ADD] project: project creation and management (#3244)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/services/project/project_management.rst

:guilabel:`Name` for your project, and if you have **multiple languages** installed on your
database, click on the language acronym to add a **translation** (ex. :guilabel:`EN` for 'English').

.. image:: project_management/project-translation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Translation option

Users with the **Invoicing** or **Accounting** app installed also have the option to set the project
as :guilabel:`Billable`, the **Timesheets** app to log time on tasks within the project, and the
**Planning** app to plan resources on tasks within the project.

Customization
-------------

Once created, you can customize your existing **projects** from the dashboard by clicking the
:guilabel:`drop-down toggle button (⋮)` on a project's **card**. This enables a new menu under which
users can access :guilabel:`Documents` related to the task, change the **card's** color, and access
further customization options in :guilabel:`Settings`.

.. image:: project_management/project-card.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Project card

Add color to project
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A project can be made more recognizable by changing the color of its **card**. To do so, click on

> the :guilabel:`drop-down toggle button (⋮)` and select a color in the bottom-left of the menu.

Reviewer: Add an image

==================
Project management
==================

Odoo Project uses the **Kanban** project management system. This means all projects are broken down
into tasks, which are categorized on a whiteboard according to what production phase they are in.

.. admonition:: Did you know?

   The word **Kanban** comes from Japanese and refers to the "visual board" management method.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Kanban Project Management
   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/kanban-project-management-1664>`_

Configuration
=============

Open the **Project** app and click :guilabel:`Create` to start a new project. Enter a
:guilabel:`Name` for your project and click :guilabel:`Create Project`.

You can customize your existing **projects** from the dashboard by clicking the drop-down toggle
button (:guilabel:`⋮`) on your project's **card**.

.. image:: project_management/project-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Project card

This enables a new menu divided into four parts:

- :guilabel:`View`: see an overview of your project's components, such as its :guilabel:`tasks`,
  :guilabel:`milestones` and :guilabel:`project updates`. Depending on which apps you have

>   activated, more options may be available, such as :guilabel:`Documents`` All uploaded files can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  activated, more options may be available, such as :guilabel:`Documents` All uploaded files can be
```

==================
Project management
==================

Odoo Project uses the **Kanban** project management system. This means all projects are broken down
into tasks, which are categorized on a whiteboard according to what production phase they are in.

.. admonition:: Did you know?

   The word **Kanban** comes from Japanese and refers to the "visual board" management method.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Kanban Project Management
   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/kanban-project-management-1664>`_

Configuration
=============

Open the **Project** app and click :guilabel:`Create` to start a new project. Enter a
:guilabel:`Name` for your project and click :guilabel:`Create Project`.

You can customize your existing **projects** from the dashboard by clicking the drop-down toggle
button (:guilabel:`⋮`) on your project's **card**.

.. image:: project_management/project-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Project card

This enables a new menu divided into four parts:

- **View**: see an overview of your project's components, such as its tasks, milestones and project
  updates. Depending on which apps you have activated, more options may be available, such as

>   **Documents**: all uploaded files can be found under this menu, as well as in the **Documents**

Reviewer 3: I'm not loving this : inside a : 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95279628/214272694-26345fa8-0b3f-4299-ace8-8a58a5a31a25.png)
but that's nitpicking

  app, under :guilabel:`Projects`;

- **Reporting**: analyze your project's progress and profitability through graphics and statistics;

- **Color**: make a line of color appear on the left side of the card so that your project is more
  recognizable;

- **Settings**: you can change the following:

  - the :guilabel:`Name` of the project;

>   - the :guilabel:`Name of the tasks` found under that project.

Reviewer 3: that project;

  - the :guilabel:`Customer` for whom the project is intended;
  - the :guilabel:`Tags` used for filtering;
  - the :guilabel:`Company` responsible for the project;
  - the employee designated as :guilabel:`Project Manager`;
  - the :guilabel:`Planned Date` of the project;
  - the total :guilabel:`Allocated Hours` for that project.

Additionally, you can mark the project as a :guilabel:`Favorite`, allowing you to find it using the
:guilabel:`My Favorites` filter on the Kanban view;

.. image:: project_management/project-settings-opened.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Project settings

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Customize your project
   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/customize-your-project-1662?fullscreen=1>`_

Depending on the apps you have activated, other options are available:

- **Sales orders**: you can view related :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` for that project under the
  :guilabel:`Invoicing` tab by activating the **Invoicing** app;

- **Billable**: you can set the project as :guilabel:`Billable` by activating the **Invoicing** or

>   **Accounting** apps;

Reviewer 3: I think it's important to mention the sections under which these settings can be found, and also what they do; maybe like:
- Section
  - :guilabel:`Setting` (the written name): small explanation
  
or something like that: 

- You can enable the :guilabel:`Billable` setting to invoice customers with time spent and materials used under the :guilabel:`Sales & Invoicing` section by activating the Invoicing or Accounting apps;

also, you don't mention other settings, so why some and not others?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95279628/214264025-d4b62be7-68cc-48f8-a742-5d4a9fc080a3.png)

- **Log time**: you can log time on tasks by activating the **Timesheet** app;

- **Plan resources**: you can plan resources on tasks by activating the **Planning** app;

- **Analytic account**: you can set an :guilabel:`Analytic Account` for that project if you have
  the **Accounting** app activated as well as the *Analytic Accounting* option in the

>   configurations.

Reviewer 3: weird to talk about it in the end when it's the first setting you see in the settings tab,
also, you don't talk about "visibility", but I think you do not need to activate any app to do it (same for milestones etc.)
So I suggest dividing this in two: the settings available in the settings tab independently of the apps activated, and the settings that depend on the apps activated

.. seealso::
   `Analytic account use cases
   <https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/applications/finance/accounting/others/analytic/usage.html>`_

Scheduling activities
=====================

You can schedule **activities** (ex. :guilabel:`Call`, :guilabel:`Meeting`, etc.) per project by

> clicking on the **clock** icon on a project. doing so opens a list with already scheduled activities

Reviewer 3: project. Doing

:guilabel:`drop-down toggle button (⋮)` on a project's **card**. This enables a new menu under which
users can access :guilabel:`Documents` related to the task, change the **card's** color, and access
further customization options in :guilabel:`Settings`.

.. image:: project_management/project-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Project card

Add color to project
--------------------

A project can be made more recognizable by changing the color of its **card**. To do so, click on
the :guilabel:`drop-down toggle button (⋮)` and select a color in the bottom-left of the menu.

.. image:: project_management/project-colors.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Project colors

Documents
---------

To upload documents to a project, drag and drop the document onto the project's **card**, or go to
:menuselection:`the drop-down toggle button (⋮) --> Documents` and click :guilabel:`Upload`. All
uploaded documents can be found under this menu, as well as in the **Documents** app, under
:guilabel:`Projects`.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Customize your project
   <https://www.odoo.com/slides/slide/customize-your-project-1662?fullscreen=1>`_

Settings
--------

> To access the settings of a project, click on the :guilabel:`drop-down toggle button (⋮)` of the

Reviewer: Remove the line altogether

project's **card**, and then :guilabel:`Settings`. From here, the following settings can be changed:

- :guilabel:`Name` of the project;
- Mark the project as :guilabel:`Favorite`, allowing to find it using the :guilabel:`My Favorites`
  filter on the Kanban view;
- :guilabel:`Name of the tasks` found under that project.
- :guilabel:`Customer` for whom the project is intended;
- the :guilabel:`Tags` used for filtering;
- the :guilabel:`Company` responsible for the project;
- the employee designated as :guilabel:`Project Manager`;
- the :guilabel:`Planned Date` of the project;
- the total :guilabel:`Allocated Hours` for that project.

.. image:: project_management/project-settings-opened.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Project settings

In addition, it is also possible to add a description in the
:guilabel:`Description` tab, and view related :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` for that project under the

> :guilabel:`Invoicing` tab. Under the :guilabel:`Settings` tab, an :guilabel:`analytic Account` for

Reviewer 3: I found the invoicing tab 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95279628/213208226-0d42ad2c-6730-4d70-961e-7e4980c63313.png)
but I have no idea why it's there here, why not on other projects... I'd love to discuss this because I'm a bit lost

> :guilabel:`Invoicing` tab. Under the :guilabel:`Settings` tab, an :guilabel:`analytic Account` for

Reviewer 3: I couldn't find analytical account under the settings tab

Reviewer: download accounting app and activate analytics in the configurations

Reviewer: or link to existing doc in accounting

> :guilabel:`Invoicing` tab. Under the :guilabel:`Settings` tab, an :guilabel:`analytic Account` for

Reviewer: say that there has to be a sales order linked to the project

that project can be set, as well as the :guilabel:`Visibility` parameters.

> Further options are also available depending on the other **apps** installed on your database.

Reviewer 3: activated and not installed (for Odoo 16.0 and above)

.. note::
   Users with the **Invoicing** or **Accounting** app installed also have the option to set
   the project as :guilabel:`Billable`, the **Timesheets** app to log time on tasks within the

>    project, and the **Planning** app to plan resources on tasks within the project.

Reviewer 3: could you please rephrase this? There's too much information, which make the § hard to read

Scheduling activities
=====================

You can schedule **activities** (ex. :guilabel:`Call`, :guilabel:`Meeting`, etc.) per project by

> clicking on the **clock** icon on a project. This opens a list with already scheduled activities,
> and also allows to add **new** activities by clicking :guilabel:`+ Schedule an activity`. In the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
clicking on the **clock** icon on a project. Doing so opens a list with already scheduled activities
and allows planning **new** activities by clicking :guilabel:`+ Schedule an activity`. On the pop-up
```

pop-up window, select the :guilabel:`Activity Type`, enter a :guilabel:`Summary` for that activity,

> a :guilabel:`Due Date`, and :guilabel:`Assigned to` employee. According to the :guilabel:`Activity

Reviewer 3: Can you rephrase this part:  and :guilabel:`Assigned to` employee

Reviewer: and assign the project to an employee
